feat(feedback): Add SDK docs for User Feedback (#8528)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/common/user-feedback/configuration.mdx

| --------------- | ------------------------ | ------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `showName`      | `boolean`                | `true`                                | Displays the name field on the feedback form, however will still capture the name (if available) from Sentry SDK context.   |
| `showEmail`     | `boolean`                | `true`                                | Displays the email field on the feedback form, however will still capture the email (if available) from Sentry SDK context. |
| `isAnonymous`   | `boolean`                | `false`                               | Hides both name and email fields and does not use Sentry SDK's user context.                                                |
| `useSentryUser` | `Record<string, string>` | `{ email: 'email', name: 'username'}` | Map of the `email` and `name` fields to the corresponding Sentry SDK user fields that were called with `Sentry.setUser`.    |

> By default the Feedback integration will attempt to fill in the name/email fields if you have set a user context via [`Sentry.setUser`](https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/javascript/enriching-events/identify-user/). By default it expects the email and name fields to be `email` and `username`. Below is an example configuration with non-default user fields.

Author: feedback events will behave similar to other Sentry events, so if you have called `setUser`, the feedback event will have that user context (which can differ from the feedback object's contact_email/name)

| `--right`       | `1rem`                                  | By default the widget has a position of fixed, and is in the bottom right corner. |
| `--top`         | `auto`                                  | By default the widget has a position of fixed, and is in the bottom right corner. |
| `--left`        | `auto`                                  | By default the widget has a position of fixed, and is in the bottom right corner. |
| `--z-index`     | `100000`                                | The z-index of the widget                                                         |
| `--font-family` | `"'Helvetica Neue', Arial, sans-serif"` | Default font-family to use                                                        |
| `--font-size`   | `14px`                                  | Font size                                                                         |

### Event Callbacks

Sometimes it’s important to know when someone has started to interact with the feedback form, so you can add custom logging, or start/stop background timers on the page until the user is done.

Pass these callbacks when you initialize the Feedback integration:

```javascript
new Feedback({

>   onActorClick: () => {},

Reviewer: What does this one do? It's the least obvious to me right now

Author: I suppose it's also bit redundant, would there be the case when we want a callback when button is clicked and not when dialog is opened?

Reviewer: IMO they can make their own button for that, they're already writing js code in that case.

But fine I could be wrong, maybe they want a pre-form-visible thing. Then the name might need help, What about 'onAutoInjectButtonClick' or 'onBeforeFormShow' and what's the return type supposed to be?

Reviewer: Err meant 'onBeforeDialogOpen'

Author: Yeah I think we can just remove this, seems unlikely you'd need this in addition to `onDialogOpen`

---
title: Configuration
sidebar_order: 6100
description: "Learn about the general User Feedback configuration fields."
---

<PlatformSection supported={["javascript"]} notSupported={["javascript.electron"]}>

## User Feedback Widget

> The User Feedback Widget offers a large amount of customization and if the available options are still insufficient, you're also able to [use your own UI](#). The following image shows what is available to be customized. The configuration keys on the left side of the image correspond to [text customization](#text-configuration) and the configuration keys on the right side of the image are for [theme customizations](#theme-customization).

Reviewer 2: Reminder to fix missing link!

```suggestion
The User Feedback Widget offers many customization options, and if the available options are insufficient, you can [use your own UI](#). The following image shows which elements are customizable. The configuration keys on the left side of the image correspond to [text customization](#text-customization) and the configuration keys on the right side of the image are for [theme customizations](#theme-customization).
```

![An image showing the available customization options for the User Feedback Widget](user-feedback-widget-customization.png)

### General

> The following options can be configured as options to the integration, in `new Feedback({})`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following options can be configured as options for the integration in `new Feedback({})`:
```

| `showName`        | `boolean`                | `true`                                | Displays the name field on the Feedback form, however will still capture the name (if available) from Sentry SDK context.   |
| `showEmail`       | `boolean`                | `true`                                | Displays the email field on the Feedback form, however will still capture the email (if available) from Sentry SDK context. |
| `isNameRequired`  | `boolean`                | `false`                               | Requires the name field on the Feedback form to be filled in.                                                               |
| `isEmailRequired` | `boolean`                | `false`                               | Requires the email field on the Feedback form to be filled in.                                                              |
| `useSentryUser`   | `Record<string, string>` | `{ email: 'email', name: 'username'}` | Map of the `email` and `name` fields to the corresponding Sentry SDK user fields that were called with `Sentry.setUser`.    |

> By default the Feedback integration will attempt to fill in the name/email fields if you have set a user context via [`Sentry.setUser`](https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/javascript/enriching-events/identify-user/). By default it expects the email and name fields to be `email` and `username`. Below is an example configuration with non-default user fields.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, the Feedback integration will attempt to fill in the name/email fields if you have set a user context via [`Sentry.setUser`](https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/javascript/enriching-events/identify-user/). By default, it expects the email and name fields to be `email` and `username`. Below is an example configuration with non-default user fields.
```

| `formTitle`          | `Report a Bug`                         | The title at the top of the feedback form.                         |
| `nameLabel`          | `Name`                                 | The label of the name input field.                                 |
| `namePlaceholder`    | `Your Name`                            | The placeholder for the name input field.                          |
| `emailLabel`         | `Email`                                | The label of the email input field.                                |
| `emailPlaceholder`   | `your.email@example.org`               | The placeholder for the email input field.                         |
| `messageLabel`       | `Description`                          | The label for the feedback description input field.                |
| `messagePlaceholder` | `What's the bug? What did you expect?` | The placeholder for the feedback description input field.          |
| `successMessageText` | `Thank you for your report!`           | The message to be displayed after a succesful feedback submission. |

> Example of customization

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Example of customization:
```

```javascript
new Feedback({
  buttonLabel: "Feedback",
  submitButtonLabel: "Send Feedback",
  formTitle: "Send Feedback",
});
```

### Theme Customization

> Colors can be customized via the Feedback class constructor or by defining CSS variables on the injected button. If you use the default button, it will have an `id="sentry-feedback`, meaning you can use the `#sentry-feedback` selector to define CSS variables to override.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Colors can be customized via the Feedback class constructor or by defining CSS variables on the injected button. If you use the default button it will have a property `id="sentry-feedback`, meaning you can use the `#sentry-feedback` selector to define CSS variables to override.
```

| `inputBackground`       | `--input-background`        | `inherit`                                 | `inherit`                                 | Background color for form inputs                                                                      |
| `inputForeground`       | `--input-foreground`        | `inherit`                                 | `inherit`                                 | Foreground color for form inputs                                                                      |
| `inputBorder`           | `--input-border`            | `var(--border)`                           | `var(--border)`                           | Border styles for form inputs                                                                         |
| `inputOutlineFocus`     | `--input-outline-focus`     | `rgba(108, 95, 199, 1)`                   | `rgba(108, 95, 199, 1)`                   | Outline color for form inputs when focused                                                            |

> Here is an example of customizing only the background color for the light theme using the Feedback constructor configuration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Here is an example of customizing only the background color for the light theme using the Feedback constructor configuration:
```

```javascript
new Feedback({
  themeLight: {
    background: "#cccccc",
  },
});
```

> Or the same example above but using the CSS variables method:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Or the same example above, but using the CSS variables method:
```

```css
#sentry-feedback {
  --background: #cccccc;
}
```

### Additional UI Customization

> Similar to theme customization above, these are additional CSS variables that can be overridden. Note these are not supported in the constructor.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Similar to theme customization above, these are additional CSS variables that can be overridden. These aren't supported in the constructor.
```

| `--font-size`   | `14px`                                  | Font size                                                                         |

### Event Callbacks

Sometimes it’s important to know when someone has started to interact with the feedback form, so you can add custom logging, or start/stop background timers on the page until the user is done.

Pass these callbacks when you initialize the Feedback integration:

```javascript
new Feedback({
  onFormOpen: () => {},
  onFormClose: () => {},
  onSubmitSuccess: () => {},
  onSubmitError: () => {},
});
```

### Bring Your Own Button

You can skip the default injected button and use your own button to trigger dislaying the form. Call `feedback.attachTo()` to have the SDK attach a click listener to your own button. You can additionally supply the same customization options that the constructor accepts (e.g. for text labels and colors).

```javascript
const feedback = new Feedback({
  // Disable injecting the default widget
  autoInject: false,
});

feedback.attachTo(document.querySelector("#your-button"), {
  formTitle: "Report a Bug!",
});
```

> Alternatively you can call `feedback.openDialog()`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can call `feedback.openDialog()`:
```

```typescript
import { BrowserClient, getCurrentHub } from "@sentry/react";
import { Feedback } from "@sentry-internal/feedback";

function MyFeedbackButton() {
  const client = getCurrentHub().getClient<BrowserClient>();
  const feedback = client?.getIntegration(Feedback);

  // Don't render custom feedback button if Feedback integration not installed
  if (!feedback) {
    return null;
  }

  return (
    <button type="button" onClick={() => feedback.openDialog()}>
      Give me feedback
    </button>
  );
}
```

### Bring Your Own Widget

You can also use your own UI components to gather feedback and pass the feedback data object to the `sendFeedback()` function. The `sendFeedback` function accepts two parameters:

- a JS object with a required `message` property, and additionally, optional `name` and `email` properties or a `FormData` instance with the same properties
- an optional "options" object

```javascript
sendFeedback(
  {
    name: "Jane Doe", // optional
    email: "email@example.org", // optional
    message: "This is an example feedback", // required
  },
  {
    includeReplay: true, // optional
  }
);
```

> Here is a simple example

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Here is a simple example:
```

```html
<form id="my-feedback-form">
  <input name="name" />
  <input name="email" />
  <textarea name="message" placeholder="What's the issue?" />
</form>
```

```javascript
import {BrowserClient, getCurrentHub} from '@sentry/react';
import {Feedback} from '@sentry-internal/feedback';

document.getElementById('my-feedback-form').addEventListener('submit', (event) => {
  const feedback = getCurrentHub().getClient<BrowserClient>()?.getIntegration(Feedback);
  const formData = new FormData(event.currentTarget);
  feedback.sendFeedback(formData);
  event.preventDefault();
});
```

</PlatformSection>

## Crash-Report Modal

> You can customize the Crash-Report modal to your organization's needs, especially for localization purposes. All options can be passed through the `Sentry.showReportDialog` call.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can customize the Crash-Report modal to your organization's needs, for example, for localization purposes. All options can be passed through the `Sentry.showReportDialog` call.
```
